This privacy notice tells you what to expect us to do with your personal information when you make contact with us or attend one of our events.
What personal data we collect:
We use the XXX platform to organise our events. XXX has their own privacy notice, which describes how they share your data with event organisers. Information we receive from XXX:
Your name
Your location (CIty)
XXX user number

All the information we receive is the information you entered on XXX. 

Why we need your data and what we use it for:
We use the data from XXX to monitor the success of our events and manage the number of people who an attend an event.

We may send you messages through XXX.

How long we keep your data:
We download the data from XXX from time to time. We keep these downloads for at least five years.
Legal basis for processing your data:
The legal basis we use to collect and process your data is that of legitimate interest. This means that you would reasonably expect us to use the data we receive from XXX to monitor our program of events. This processing is necessary for us to be able to report on the success of our program. We do not collect excessive personal data and do not consider that the processing of this data would cause you considerable harm.
Your rights:
Under data protection law, you have rights we need to make you aware of. The rights available to you depend on our reason for processing your information. You can find more information on your rights on the website of the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO):
https://ico.org.uk/your-data-matters/ 
Your right of access
You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right always applies. There are some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the information we process. 
Your right to rectification
You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. This right always applies.
Your right to erasure
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances. 
Your right to restriction of processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing
You have the right to object to processing as processing your data is in our legitimate interests.
To exercise any of these rights, please get in touch by emailing XXX
